0.  PNG, JPEG, and BMP can usually support 16 million colors; GIF can support 256 colors.
1.  GIF supports animation.
2.  Lossy compression is where an image loses clarity whilst undergoing a process of size reduction; with lossless compression there is no such loss of clarity.
3.  JPEG is lossy compressed; for images with more than 256 colours, GIF is lossy compressed as well. 
4.  First, the file name's first character in the directory entry is changed to signal that it can be recycled; second, the file's FAT clusters are moved to the hard drive's list of free clusters. 
5.  Firstly, you could physically destroy the hard drive; second, you could override the data in the hard drive with a few random passes; third, you could degauss the drive.
6.  It is a header file in the C standard library providing a set of typedefs that specify integer types of precise width (number of bits requried to store its value).
7.  Because these typedefs have precise widths, the code that features them is more portable.
8.  A BYTE is 1 byte; a DWORD is 4 bytes; a LONG is 4 bytes; a WORD is 2 bytes.
9.  In ASCII, the first two bytes of any BMP file is BM which specifies its file type.
10. bfSize refers to the size in bytes of the entire file, whereas biSize refers to the size in bytes of the header data structure. 
11. If biHeight is negative then the bitmap is a top-down DIB beginning in the upper-left corner.
12. The biBitCount specifies the numper of bits per pixel. 
13. It could be that the name of the file you specified in argv[2] is invalid or has already been used. 
14. It only needs to read one element of data because the BMP info header, or BMP file header is just one data structure.
15. Padding is equal to 3. 
16. When the for loop has iterated over the pixels in the relevant scanline, it adds the value the padding to the current position to skip over it. 
17. SEEK_CUR is the position (current position) to which you add the offset bytes given by the value of padding. 
18. Robert Bowden.
